new-severities (#823)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/develop-checks/index.md

## Frontend
PMM uses Alertmanager API to get information about failed checks and show them on the UI:
 
![!](../../_images/FrontEndChecks.png)
 
## Advisor check format version 2

> PMM 2.28 upgraded Advisor checks to version 2, to accomodate the following major enhancements introduced in this release: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMM 2.28 upgraded Advisor checks to version 2 to accommodate the following significant enhancements introduced in this release: 
```
